[Doc] Impove `scrollToTop` in buttons doc and document `_scrollToTop` in `useRedirect` (#10449)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/useRedirect.md

redirect('edit', 'posts', 1);
// redirect to the post creation page:
redirect('create', 'posts');
// redirect to the result of a function
redirect((resource, id, data) => { 
    return data.hasComments ? '/comments' : '/posts';
}, 'posts', 1, { hasComments: true });
// redirect to edit view with state data
redirect('edit', 'posts', 1, {}, { record: { post_id: record.id } });
// do not redirect (resets the record form)

> redirect(false);

Reviewer: Why did you remove those?

Author: To isolate it in their own chapter

    }
    return <button onClick={handleClick}>My page</button>;
};
```

## Redirect function

> `useRedirect` allows you to redirect to the result of a function as follows:

Reviewer 2: This deserves more examples as you can also return an object as expected by `useNavigate`

```jsx
redirect((resource, id, data) => { 
    return data.hasComments ? '/comments' : '/posts';
}, 'posts', 1, { hasComments: true });
```

> ## `_scrollToTop`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disable Scroll To Top
```

> **Tip:** By default, react-admin scrolls to top on each redirection. You can disable it as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, react-admin scrolls to top on each redirection. You can disable it by passing a `_scrollToTop: false` option in the 5th argument:
```
